Add `NullTypeCaster` (#74)
yiisoft/hydrator: docs/guide/en/typecasting.md

- `CompositeTypeCaster` allows combining multiple type-casters
- `PhpNativeTypeCaster` casts based on PHP types defined in the class
- `HydratorTypeCaster` casts arrays to objects

> - `NullTypeCaster` configurable type caster for cast null, empty string and empty arrays to null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NullTypeCaster` configurable type caster for casting `null`, empty string and empty array to `null`
```
